This is a file containing common FAQ about Krav Maga.

Is it safe to train Krav Maga?
It is definitely safe to train Krav Maga. Our classes are structured for a progressive learning environment where safety is a priority and all students have to wear personal protective gear during training.

I’ve never done Krav Maga before, is it hard?
Anyone can do Krav Maga. We cater to all levels of skill and fitness. You need to know your own limits of course and we will respect them. We’ll give you all the tools you need. Krav Maga is intuitive and easy to learn.

Do I need to make a booking?
Due to current COVID restrictions, bookings are compulsory before classes. Classes can be booked on our member’s app here: https://www.kravist.sg/members-app.

What if I need to cancel my reservation?
Classes can be cancelled up to 6 hours prior to the start of class with no charge, and the credits you used to book the class will be automatically returned to your account.

Is there a beginner class?
Our general self-defense classes are for all levels and walks of life. We will work with you regardless of whether you’re a newbie or one of our regulars. Do watch out for our specialty courses.

What do I need to wear or bring to class?
T-shirts, shorts or pants and covered shoes are all good. Tights are preferred (but optional) if you’re wearing shorts as we sometimes teach ground fighting skills.

When should I arrive for class?
Try to come in 10 minutes earlier if you need to change and get ready. We do allow a 10 minute grace period if you’re a little late. For your own safety however, we do reserve the right to not allow you to join the class if you’ve missed the warm up.

What is the minimum age to join the adult classes?
You need to be at least 18 to join the adult classes.

How much are your trial classes?
An adult trial class costs $25.  (Levels/Sparring not recommended for trial classes)
Krav Junior trial classes are $20.

Do you offer privates/corporate classes?
Of course, just give us a shout out here: https://www.kravist.sg/contact!

Where is your gym located?
Our address is at 11 Irving Place, #02-04, Tai Seng Point, Singapore 369551.
We’re right next to Tai Seng MRT in Macpherson. Parking is available in the multi storey carpark.

Do you have lockers?
Unfortunately we don’t. There are spaces to put your bags, but don’t leave valuables lying around. 

Do you have water provided?
There’s a water cooler in the gym but do bring your own water bottles.

Do you have showers?
Yes we do! There are 2 showers in the gym. 

Can I “freeze” my package if I’m going to be away?
Yes. We will allow the “freezing” of packages for a minimum of 2 weeks and a maximum of 3 months. However, this is at the discretion of our staff and will also be on a case by case basis where necessary. That said, do contact us at least 2 weeks in advance so that we can help you prepare for it!

What modes of payment do you accept?
We are cashless! We accept Credit Card, PayNow & GrabPay.